Passengers, please be advised on the Green Line there is currently no service between St. 
Stephen’s Green and Dominick from 09:40 to 17:00 due to the parade taking place in Dublin City Centre. Trams will only run between Brides Glen and St. 
Stephen’s Green, and between Broombridge and Dominick. On the Red Line there is no service between Smithfield and Connolly/The Point from approximately 10:00 to 14:30. Trams will only run between Tallaght/Saggart and Smithfield. We apologise for any inconvenience caused. 
The Charlemont lift is out of service and the ascending escalator at Connolly is out of service. We apologise for any inconvenience caused. 
All other lifts and escalators are in full working order. Weekend Service Information - June 28th – June 30th Luas Service UpdateThe Pride Parade on Saturday 29 June will result in changes to tram services. 
On the Green Line, there will be no service between St. 
Stephen’s Green and Dominick from 09:40 to 17:00. Trams will only run between Brides Glen and St. 
Stephen’s Green, and between Broombridge and Dominick. On the Red Line, there will be no service between Smithfield and Connolly/The Point from approximately 10:00 to 14:30. Trams will only run between Tallaght/Saggart and Smithfield. During the parade trams will be parked in the City Centre and will immediately go into service once the parade is over. On Saturday 29 June, in addition to the Pride Parade taking place in the city centre, the following events will take place: Taylor Swift at Aviva Stadium, Football All-Ireland Senior Championship Quarter Finals at Croke Park, Longitude Festival at Marlay Park and Shamrock Rovers vs. Athlone Town at Tallaght Stadium. On Sunday 30 June, there will be the Longitude Festival at Marlay Park, Football All-Ireland Senior Championship Quarter Finals at Croke Park, and another Taylor Swift concert at Aviva Stadium. On Thursday, June 27, Friday June 28 , Saturday 29 June and Sunday 30 June – Taylor Swift’s  Eras Tour Merchandise will be located at the 3Arena, beside The Point Luas Stop. Luas Customer Service advise passengers to allow extra time to travel. There will be extra services, but trams and Luas Park and Rides will be very busy. A queuing system will take place at certain city centre Stops throughout the weekend. Follow Luas Social Media, TV,  Radio traffic and travel reports also. To plan alternative transport, please use the TFI Live App available online or download from the Google Play or Apple App Stores. See the Travel Updates section of our website for updates in the event of achange to service. For RTPI, check the Luas App, available on the Apple App and Google Play stores, or choose your stop from the Luas Live Information section of our homepage. Follow @Luas on X and Facebook for other updates over the weekend. If you have a query, please email Luas Customer Service at info@luas. ie or call 0818 300 604 for assistance. 

#Luas #Dublin #MastoDaoine